Implementment Details.
We utilized the Time-series-Library 2 to implement some of the models.
The hyperparameters were uniformly set as follows: a learning rate of 0.0001, 20 epochs of training,
a hidden layer dimension of 2048, the GELU activation function, and MSE loss as the loss function.
Early stopping was employed to prevent overfitting by terminating training early when necessary.
Data from the first 24 months were used for pre-training, and the model was fine-tuned using the next
6 months to capture trend changes. Finally, the model was used to infer skill demands for the last 6
months. All other hyperparameters were kept consistent with those in the original paper. To ensure
the reliability of our findings, we repeated these experiments four times, using random seeds set to 0,
1, 2, and 3, respectively.
Overall Performance
Table 6 displays the mean and standard deviation results of repeated experi-
ments on the benchmark models for the job skill demand forecasting task as presented in the main
text. Initially, we supplement the experimental results at the overall labor market level and regional
granularity, where the RMSE averages over 1000. In cases of coarser granularity, due to the larger
base of demand values, the prediction deviations are significant.
Performance on Skill Demand Series with Structural Breaks
Table 7 presents the results of
repeated experiments on forecasting skill demand sequences that have undergone structural breaks.
Initially, the overall errors are quite pronounced, underscoring the challenge of accurately predicting
these skills. Moreover, FiLM performs well on most metrics, which further verifies its robustness.
D.2
Job Skill Demand Forecasting for Low-Frequency Skills
In multigranular skill demand sequences, a significant number of skills remain inactive or in low
frequency over extended periods. These skills might continue to have low demand in the future (indi-
cating low importance), or they might suddenly gain interest from certain professions or companies,
leading to rapid growth. In this study, we define low-frequency skills as those that appear fewer
than twice in the time slices of the training set. Predicting the demand for these skills is challenging
because their data points are predominantly zero during training, resulting in a lack of effective
observational data. Therefore, we specifically present the demand prediction results of the existing
benchmark models for these low-frequency skills.
Results.
We continued to test the demand prediction effect on low-frequency skills using the
benchmark models described in the main text, and the results are shown in Table 8. From this, we
can draw the following conclusions: Firstly, there is a significant increase in the error on the RRMSE
metric, indicating that low-demand skills are difficult to predict accurately. Secondly, Koopa has
the best predictive performance in this scenario. We also found that the performance of SegRNN
significantly decreases, suggesting that SegRNN’s segment learning approach is not suitable for
predicting low-frequency skill demands due to a lack of effective observational data, rendering the
learning segments meaningless.
D.3
Skill Co-occurrence Graph Enhanced Job Skill Demand Forecasting
In the task of job skill demand forecasting, fully leveraging the inter-relationships among different
skills is beneficial for downstream tasks. Therefore, we construct a prior graph with co-occurrence
frequency from the training data to include as a dataset component. Given a set of granularities
i, j, . . . , k, we constructed the skill co-occurrence graph as Gi,j,...,k = (Vi,j,...,k, Ei,j,...,k), where
Vi,j,...,k is the extended skill set under the multiple granularities. The edge weight ev,v′ ∈Ei,j,...,k
between nodes v and v′ is determined by the co-occurrence frequency of the node pair v, v′ in
the job advertisement data for training Ptrain. Specifically, given v = (ai, aj, . . . , ak, s) and
v′ = (ai′, aj′, ..., ak′, s′), ev,v′ is calculated as:
ev,v′ =
X
p∈Ptrain
Y
x∈{ai,aj,...,ak,ai′,aj′,...,ak′,s,s′}
1p(x ∈p).
(4)
This information will serve as prior knowledge, reflecting global inter-skill dependency patterns.
2https://github.com/thuml/Time-Series-Library
17
